[Music] Let's
see how you are What's up my family How are you
there well What's up my honor
I hope you're having a
spectacular start to the week I hope you're having
a very nice Monday and I really am
making this video to see if in this video
things are finally made crystal
clear I want you to please share the video
on all your
social networks on Facebook Twitter on WhatsApp
everywhere please okay I
ask you please let's see if things are made
crystal clear because I truly believe that
this should not be a blue tide or a
fuchsia tide or a tide of colors I mean I
think that any person with
two fingers of forehead supports whoever supports
supports Rocío Carrasco Antonio Antonavi
or supports whoever should not give more
space to this character okay or
any company any
television network or any media that
lends itself that has a little dignity
a little decency please And
even if it is an EP of respect for its
audience who are the people from whom they
eat they should not even open the doors
to this man of any set of any
studio
or  the
broadcast or practice of anything
this character says should not even be allowed. Okay,
support Rocío Carrasco, support Fidel,
support Antonio David or support the
Virgin Mary. The truth is that I think you
just have to have eyes, a
little bit of logic, please,
before watching this video that I
found on YouTube. Let's take a look at
the latest posts by
maestro Joao referring to the issue that he's been
eating since last year
because otherwise they won't call him. The
lamented maestro harassed him brutally to give
Molinero a beastly thing, I mean, I
have it here on the main channel, it was a
video I made two years ago. Here in
this video you can see how the feminist
maestro Joao dedicated himself for weeks
in a
quasi-obsessive,
lamentable,
repulsive way
to insulting Adara Molinero but in
all the ways that crossed his
mind, posting photographs of a
pig in a thong messing with
Adara's clothing,
making a montage with insects as if
Adara were a praying mantis or a
cockroach,
insults  sexists of all kinds but
absolutely all kinds and it's not
because he's dedicated to giving news or
anything, not every day 800 posts and
retweets only exclusively
dedicated to Adara because because thanks
to that he got a call from a
program on YouTube and thanks to
that he got a call for
Semana magazine for insulting Adara which
is fine the criticism that you can
criticize to give if you want you don't have to
agree with it or like it
but what
this man did was beyond
belief
the comments were brutal day
after day to get them to call him
from any program today he has to
play the fuchsia play the feminist and
mess with other women while he
throws himself as a feminist to have his
place on the sad channel that the
sad channel used to be called Antena 3 but
not the sad channel right now it's
Telecinco which is third okay at
the bottom of the audience
this is so disgusting let's see what
is disgusting according to the master Joao I
say that well look, I have lived
for example a  very strong argument between
them but between the two of them and the Jury
very strong
and that's why I tell you and I
can maintain that what I heard I saw And today it was not Rocío Jurado a woman like the one you have seen her daughter who did not dare anything because I tell you that she screamed louder and said more things to Rocío Jurado Ortega Cano than Ortega Canoa Rocío Where are the disgusting things in
this, master Joao disgusting things in any of
your Twitter publications Where are
the disgusting facts it's not even
contradictory she tells Exactly the
same thing she told on Sálvame Oh but
how are you going to tell a fight that
Ortega Cano had with Rocío Jurado and
in which Rocío Jurado screamed louder and it doesn't
agree with what Rosito is saying
Oh no, but recording patients through
hospital windows
if not because they are famous,
your flattery is lamentable, master Joao,
shameful that women listening to how they
hit and mistreat another woman
justify it and defend it  abuser
that's not even being a thief that's already being
disgusting demons scum and
bugs okay giving credibility to the
testimony of the Pineda military this please please we
must respect these for Gloria Camila
who is Gloria Camila
all these the greatest have made fun
of her mental health because she has said that she
has retired because she is not in a good
mood right now mentally hot
okay we must respect when a
person is not feeling well let's respect the
Mental Health of everyone but of
everyone let's remember that of Rocío
Carrasco 20 years not 20 days the end Bravo
teacher That is the teacher respecting
Mental Health that's why you said this yesterday
okay a doubt those of the pond Do they have
any help for disability and
teacher Joao says they should because they are
mentally disabled
what ableism teacher what ableism does
n't
this seem like to someone who
is here for real I mean like does it
seem logical that a person like that
is on television okay we are not
putting your life two three four
five years ago no no it is not putting it on now
okay This is  what he has to do to
earn the position eh I'm going to dedicate a
phrase to the trinquell Fidel albiac I
adore you I feel like you ruined the afternoon trinkers
end these pathetic and there are almost a thousand people
who like this like
little kids in daycare Oh look I'm
going to be angry with you I love Rocío
Carrasco and you don't pathetic
pathetic master Joao Okay and people
are throwing things in his face things from when he was
dedicated to clairvoyance no I don't know if he
still dedicates himself to it today
but come on to me it really
seems to me and I say it clearly because I'm
giving my opinion okay I'm not accusing
anyone of anything illegal but for me this
should have existed I mean
look This is okay a person calls a person
calls on the phone and this man
says get out they ask about his health No
a lady calls him they ask him about his
health and this man says this
Now my love calm down understand the
anxiety that is in you but relax
breathe come on calm down
Look what he's doing to heal
women look
cut the bad
and come in  Lozano
Look look look
now look
attentive attentive to the paper look
[Music]
one moment please one moment
please this guy has made a fortune doing
this family
this guy has made a fortune
on Sálvame it was said that he had
earned more than 80,000 euros a year
doing this family people calling
and him pretending over the
phone doing this this series of little
numbers
of finding out your health He found out if you are
carrying anything
true that this has been legal in
this country seems to me to be a disgrace as
humanity okay this guy is
a real thief this guy scarred but
well but oh well family I will be
reading your comments box really
any company that has even a
minimum of dignity and I don't think that is the
case with Telecinco right now would not
give a place to this character I
mean really I don't understand but oh
well a big kiss family see you
in the next video
[Music]